Allow better toolbar interaction (#391)
yiisoft/yii2-debug: docs/guide/topics-creating-your-own-panels.md

```

That's it. Now we have another useful panel without writing much code.

Advanced options
----------------
### Allow 'click' events in your toolbar summary block

> By default an inline preview is shown when clicking on the summary on the toolbar. To override this behavior add the `'yii-debug-toolbar__block_ignore_click'` class to your root `<div>` in `getSummary()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default an inline preview is shown when clicking on the summary on the toolbar. To override this behavior add the `yii-debug-toolbar__block_ignore_click` class to your root `<div>` in `getSummary()`.
```

### Events

> If you need client side programmatic access to the toolbar, for example to bind javascript events, you can listen to the `'yii.debug.toolbar_attached'` event on the document. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need client side programmatic access to the toolbar, for example to bind JavaScript events, you can listen to the `yii.debug.toolbar_attached` event on the document. For example:
```
